[WIP] [DOCS] Add Nebari installation guides and getting-started as first directions (#45)
nebari-dev/nebari: docs/docs/how-tos/nebari-gcp.md

After completing the sign up process from the previous step you will be redirected to Google Cloud Platform welcome page. Click on the “Create Project” button using the [Google Console UI](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#console) and enter a name for your project.

In addition to defining a name for your project (which can be changed later), be sure to choose an expressive **project ID** on that screen (the project ID **cannot be changed** after project creation).

After your project creation is complete, you will be redirected to the project dashboard page. From there, you can access APIs, administrative services, security settings, computer services, virtual machines (VMs), storage configurations, and more.

You now have created and activated a new project. This means that any resource you create will be assigned or associated with this project. Remember to check the active project before creating resources, especially if you are handling multiple GCP projects.

## Set up the `gcloud` CLI

> As Nebari executes some preliminary steps to check Kubernetes compatibility within the GCP infrastructure, it needs to use the [`gcloud` command line interface (CLI)](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud) to interact with the Google Cloud Platform. You will have to [install the `gcloud` CLI on your system](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) and initialize it before you can use Nebari.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Nebari executes some preliminary steps to check Kubernetes compatibility within the GCP infrastructure, it needs to use the [`gcloud` command line interface (CLI)](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud) to interact with the Google Cloud Platform. You will have to [install the `gcloud` CLI on your system](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) before you can use Nebari.
```

After installing `gcloud`, start the login process with `gcloud auth login`. Log in using the same GCP account that you created the project with above.

> To review `gcloud`'s authentication state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To review the `gcloud` authentication state:
```

- Leave the "Key Type" as `JSON`;
- Click "Create" to create the key and save the key file to your system.

Store this credentials file in a well known location and make sure to set yourself exclusive permissions. You can change the file permissions by running the command `chmod 600 <filename>` on your terminal.

:::warning Warning
The service account key file provides access to your GCP project. It should be treated like any other secret credentials. Specifically, it should never be checked into source control.
:::

By default, Nebari will try to use the credentials associated with the current Google Cloud infrastructure/environment for authentication. Provide authentication credentials to Nebari by setting the following environment variables:

```bash
export GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS="path/to/JSON/file/with/credentials"
export PROJECT_ID="projectIDName"
```
The **project ID** information can be found at the Google Console homepage, under **Project info**.

This variables applies only to your current shell session. If you want the variable to apply to future shell sessions, set the variable in your shell startup file, for example in the `~/.bashrc` or `~/.profile` file.

:::note

> The following steps assumes you have completed the [Install Nebari](/started/installing-nebari) section, has confirmed that `nebari` is successfully installed in your environment and opted for **GCP** as your cloud provider as well as installed and initialized `gcloud`. If you had any issues during the installation, please visit our getting started [troubleshooting](/started/troubleshooting) section for extra advice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps assume you have completed the [Install Nebari](/started/installing-nebari) section, have confirmed that `nebari` is successfully installed in your environment and opted for **GCP** as your cloud provider which includes installing and initializing `gcloud`. If you had any issues during the installation, please visit our getting started [troubleshooting](/started/troubleshooting) section for extra advice.
```

:::

## Nebari Initialize

Great, you’ve gone through the [Nebari Installation](/started/installing-nebari.md) and [Authentication setup](#authentication) steps, and have ensured that all the necessary environment variables have been properly set. It is time to initialize and deploy Nebari!

> In your terminal, we advise you to start by creating a new project folder. Here, we will name the new folder as `data`:

Reviewer: Can we find use another folder name? Perhaps we can just reuse the `projectname`?

Author: no problem, what about `nebari` then?

```bash
mkdir data && cd data
```
When you first initialize Nebari, you will be creating a `nebari-config.yaml` that contains a collection of preferences and settings for your deployment. The command bellow will generate a basic config file with an infrastructure based on **GCP**, named **projectname**, where the domain will be **domain** and the authetication mode set to **password**.

```bash
nebari init gcp --project projectname --domain domain --auth-provider password
```
:::note Note
You will be prompted to enter values for some of the choices above if they are omitted as command line arguments (for example project name and domain)
:::

Once `nebari init` is executed, you should then be able to see the following output:
```bash
Securely generated default random password=*** for Keycloak root user

> stored at path=/tmp/NEBARI_DEFAULT_PASSWORD

Reviewer: Can we add a small note that the `tmp` folder on MacOS is found somewhere like: `path=/var/folders/xx/xxxxx/T/QHUB_DEFAULT_PASSWORD`

Author: yup, thanks for pointing it out.

Reviewer: Looks good to me!

```
You can see that Nebari is generating a random password for the root user of Keycloak. This password is stored in a temporary file and will be used to authenticate to the Keycloak server once Nebari's infrastructure is fully deployed.

The generated `nebari-config.yaml` is the configuration file that will determine how the cloud infrastructure and Nebari is built and deployed in the next step. But at this point it’s just a text file. You could edit it manually if you are unhappy with the choices, or delete it and start over again.

For additional information about the `nebari-config.yaml` file and extra flags that allow you to configure the initialization , see the [Understanding the nebari-config.yaml file](/tutorials/overview.md) documentation.

## Deploying Nebari

Finally, with the `nebari-config.yaml` created, Nebari can be deployed for the first time:

```bash
nebari deploy -c nebari-config.yaml
```
The terminal will prompt you to press `[enter]` to check auth credentials, which were added in the previous step by the initialization command. Once authenticated, the infrastructure deployment process will start and might take around a couple minutes to complete.

> Once you reach stage [] you will be prompted to set the **A/CNAME** records manually for your registered domain name. Please follow the instructions in the [Nebari DNS](/how-tos/domain-registry.md) section for more information regarding the domain `A/CNAME` records and how to automatically generate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you reach stage `04-kubernetes-ingress` you will be prompted to set the **A/CNAME** records manually for your registered domain name. Please follow the instructions in the [Nebari DNS](/how-tos/domain-registry.md) section for more information regarding the domain `A/CNAME` records and how to automatically generate them.
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/blob/d0cc26638fbc9e69aa736105ffd61cfb50d561d6/qhub/deploy.py#L210
